Yeah, sorry, it took me a second to get YouTube going.
I'm trying to figure out.
Yesterday, YouTube didn't run, so I apologize for that.
There is sound now, I hope.
Good to see everybody.
The voice that you currently hear is that of Jonathan Cooey coming to you live from Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania.
You can find my academic work as a biologist on PubMed under the last name C-O-U-E-Y, my first initials.
You can also find on PubMed's list there.
a paper which will allow you to trace some of the early nonsense that was going on with regard to the origin of COVID-19 and how I was trapped in that scooby-doo for a couple years.
I presented no less than three times to Panda.
They seem to have lost it because I think Nick Hudson and Jonathan Engler, among others, are probably part of this global sabotage.
I've also presented to the National Citizens Inquiry in Canada, but that organization is essentially a clown show.
and they haven't ranked any of their presentations in order of priority or value.
I've also presented to the trustees of the wellness company.
I used to work as a staff scientist under Brian Hooker and Mary Holland at the Children's Health Defense, which I now consider to be a sabotaged organization.
And I also was an advisor for
Robert F. Kennedy Jr., now the current Secretary of Health and Human Services in America, and helped him write this book, The Wuhan Cover-Up.
You can hear the consequences of that work and my revelations during it in the Red Pill Expo presentation that I did thanks to G. Edward Griffin in 2024.
It still remains as one of the best sort of summaries of
of the biology and also the implications of what I think really that book was all about.
Thank you very much for joining me.
If you want to share this work, ultimately it'd be great if you'd share at stream.gigaom.bio because those are the archived videos that we pay for.
You can also share, of course, the streams that you find on Twitch, although they do eventually disappear after a month.
There's also a rumble archive, this kind of thing.
That's why we are maintaining our own PeerTube instance.
And I'm trying to set a trend that I think a lot of other creators should follow.
We should not be using the social media
infrastructure that they provide for us we should be creating our own federated decentralized and that's what GigaOM.bio is.
GigaOM.bio is a nice place to start because there all the links for everything else are found on the right and you can see
some of the people there having a conversation about what we just did or talked about.
And so it's a nice place to start also.
And if you're interested in supporting my work, please go to GigaOMBiological.com and find a way to do it.
So there are lots of ways to get there.
If you're not on the list to be notified, please get on that list.
That list was fired off yesterday, did not get fired off today because I've been unpredictable today, but we'll get there.
Thank you very much for joining me.
I'll see you in a few minutes.
the the
No, I'm not colorblind.
I know the world is black and white.
Try to keep an open mind, but I just can't sleep on this tonight.
Stop this train.
I wanna get off and go home again I can't take the speed it's moving in I know I can't, but honestly Won't someone stop this chain?
don't know how else to say it don't want to see my parents go one generation's length away from fighting life out on my own
stop this train I wanna get off and go home again I can't take the speed it's moving in I know I can't but honestly won't someone stop
so scared of getting older I'm only good at being young so I play the numbers game to find a way to say that life has just begun
Had a talk with my old man, said help me understand He said turn 68, you'll renegotiate Don't stop this train, don't for a minute change the place you're in
I tried my hand, John, honestly We'll never stop this train
When it's good, it'll feel like it should And they're all still around And they're still safe and sound And you don't miss a thing Till you cry when you're driving home
Singing stop this train I wanna get off and go home again I can't take the speed it's moving in I know I can't, cause now I see I'll never stop this train
I didn't expect that song to do that to me.
Wow.
My friend Nathan and I used to talk about John Mayer as like somebody that he didn't really like because he could sing and he's a beast on the guitar and you know it's just hard not to like him even though sometimes he plays kind of poppy music or at least he made a poppy album.
He's an extraordinary guitar player and a pretty darn good singer and a songwriter and
It's hard to ignore him as a talent, even if he's annoying.
I don't know.
Anyway, it just reminded me of Nathan and the conversations that we had and we're never going to have again because of this mess that we're in.
Ladies and gentlemen, Giga Home Biological's main message is United Noncompliance is the only way out.
You got to learn the biology in order to get out.
do
Good morning, good morning, good morning, everybody.
Good to see you.
This is GigaOM Biological, a high resistance, low noise information brief brought to you by a biologist.
It's the 14th of March 2025.
I just want to keep hammering.
I want to start to get into the habit of being here regularly.
I don't want to have too much.
Ooh, I meant that to be here.
And no, maybe here.
I don't want there to be too much run up to some of these shows now.
Every once in a while, I'm going to try to explain the trap that we're in and how each side has a narrative that seems to sort of mirror and mesh with the other side.
And it's a really terrible trap.
And the reason why we're in the trap because of the the unique Opportunity biologically that the current population on earth and their immediate descendants represent I just want to switch over here really quick Can you see that back there?
There's a dog.
Can you see the dog?
I think you can see the dog right there.
Yep They're playing out there.
It's pretty funny Cut back here.
So I
You know, I'm trying to develop this new curriculum.
I thought that I wanted to reveal the new curriculum as I developed it.
I don't think that's a good idea anymore.
And so I'm working on it in the background, but it is a new curriculum for high school students or maybe even younger kids if I can find a couple, you know, primary school teachers to help me do that.
I think the idea of getting children and young adults to understand biology and life on earth
as pattern integrities and an expression of something across time.
I think that this mythology of a high fidelity understanding of everything, where we're about a decade away from being able to combine humans and dogs to make the best version of life ever,
We really have to save our kids from that mythology.
And I think the way to do that is to give them a good angle on it, give them a good foundational understanding of it that's kind of immune to the oversimplification or the stupid complicated that they use to bamboozle
you know, bureaucrats and academics alike.
I think if you pay attention to who your biology coach is and if it's on the internet and you think that that biology coach is basically saying that the COVID shots are bad, let's not talk about 2020 when all the murder happened,
then you can rest assured that you're trapped.
And I think that's a pretty good litmus test.
If your biology coach has never mentioned the opioid epidemic or never mentioned supplementary oxygen or the misuse of ventilators or the absolute abysmal excuse that viral pneumonia will not respond to antibiotics,
or if they're not talking to you about the fact that healthy people don't get sick, if they're not explaining the basic immune system as being oriented around the barrier, if they're not talking about how a year of old people not being able to see any of their family might result in death, if they're not thinking about the idea that we have not vaccinated old people until this new era,
of, let's say, public health and militant public health.
And so I think we can think our way out of this, but you're going to need to learn the biology and you're not going to learn the biology from any of these people.
These people, unfortunately, were put in place to trap our family and friends, especially those with a conservative bent, a Fox News bent, a Trump voter bent.
All of these people were put on the internet to trap our family and friends.
And some of us were trapped by these people as well.
And so if you want to help reconnect with your family and friends in this springtime weather, while you're sitting outside enjoying a cold one, one of the things to do would be to admit that, you know, both sides have really been captured by a bunch of actors, but the populist right in America has really been
You know, we were bamboozled at the beginning of the pandemic.
They set a trap for us.
And now that I'm aware of it, I'm a little ashamed that we're here.
And so it's really hard to really interpret what's going on.
It's very easy to explain to your friends, maybe even for you to understand that this is an illusion of consensus, that this is a limited spectrum of debate that would be curated by a bunch of people that were paid by these entities.
It's more difficult for your family and friends to imagine that that same illusion of consensus is completely contiguous, continuous.
It's one, one ball with all of these organizations.
Actually, it's likely because you don't know where all their money comes from, that a lot of these organizations are actually taking money from the very pharmaceutical companies they purport to stand up against, but ineffectively.
you know, to the point of failing over a decade with regard to, you know, people like Mary Holland or, or, or Andrew Wakefield or Pauly Tommy, who, who claimed to have been trying to get this message out for more than a decade.
But actually, I think
wittingly or unwittingly have been co-opted to participate in this limited spectrum of debate where they manipulate our organized habits and opinions on social media and with movies that they put out and little segments on Good Morning America, and they can trick you into believing anything.
And I think in this case,
It's really important to understand the history of the MMR vaccine in the UK and understand how in the UK, there's a little micro example of what this represents to our overclass.
The anti-vaccine movement in the UK was used to elect a prime minister to sway a certain sector of the voting public and their opinions and focus them on a certain candidate and that trick
was essentially recycled and militarized in America and around the world.
The trick of opposing a vaccine and being a health freedom movement about anti-mandates and being about choice, that was hijacked
and used to create an illusion of a pandemic where all the people that were standing in front of us talking about the novel virus and who it was killing and who it wouldn't kill, those people have all essentially ignored.
the true biology that was lied about, the true murder that was lied about, the true numbers and biological sources of these numbers were lied about in order to get us to believe in a novel virus.
That is absolutely positively for sure.
The only question is, is who do you attribute this crime to?
Who do you really think
you know, is responsible for this.
And on the left in America, it might be as simple as to list Peter Daszak and Tony Fauci and Shengli Xi and the Chinese government.
And on the right, it might be simple enough to also list the Chinese government and Tony Fauci and Peter Daszak, but also maybe a couple other people.
And so we have been fooled on the right and the left.
And all I know very well is who fooled us on the right, because that's kind of where I found ourselves.
But maybe I shouldn't make this point now, but I'm going to try.
A friend of mine pointed out that, you know, really what we have is a left that needs a right.
But the right are just kind of a loosely organized, let's say,
They're representing as though there is a right in America and a left in America.
And in reality, there may be a left and a right in America, but both of those assemblages of people are mostly artificial.
It's an illusion of consensus that these influencers and these people on social media and people on TV and in newspapers all agree that there's a left and a right, all agree that it's composed of these people and those people.
And so that's even part of the illusion here.
Remember what I said before, when you go to the wall and you have to choose one of their weapons, if you use all of their words with all of their definitions, then it's going to be very, very hard to escape the trap because you will essentially be using slave speak.
The novel virus is slave speak.
Mandates are slave speak.
Murder is not slave speak.
Lying is not slave speak.
Traitorous is not slave speak.
That's why none of the people on social media that are rising and have risen ever will say any of those words.
They will say novel virus.
They will say millions dead.
They will say gain of function.
And now what's interesting is that we are getting about five years down the road where when you look back and you see that all of these time points and all of these claims line up like a laser beam, it's easier and easier for people to accept the fact that both sides were tricked.
And once both sides in America start to wake up and it becomes a general, generally accepted that we were lied to about murder.
And that it's very simple to explain because in addition to PCR not being a useful diagnostic tool, in addition to pure oxygen causing ARDS, the primary reason why severe COVID was only in hospitals.
The trouble is, is that you can give somebody pure oxygen and they can progress in symptomology and no one's ever going to blame the pure oxygen where it started.
What they're doing to the Pope right now with high flow supplementary oxygen is very, very specifically the same thing.
And now they're, you know, you might go so far as to say that this whole story is acknowledging that that's how this was done.
The reason why they have to make it so obvious with the Pope is so that everybody hears it.
Why isn't every ICU doctor in the world that has ever read a medicine book, a textbook, a medical textbook about intensive care,
Why aren't they questioning the use of supplementary oxygen, high flow supplementary oxygen with a guy who's had pneumonia for a month?
Maybe you're doing something wrong if he's had pneumonia for a month, but here we are again, lying about this.
If he has pneumonia, it's bacterial.
Is he on antibiotics or not?
If he's on the wrong antibiotic, I mean, what's going on there other than murder and lying about it?
Are they murdering the Pope?
I'm not going to go so far as to say that, but are they using the Pope's sickness and frailty in order to perpetuate this narrative?
I have no doubt that they would.
Especially since the next Pope that was projected to be the next Pope is the Cardinal that Robert Malone met with in 2021 when he went to Italy.
And so PCR, not a diagnostic tool.
That's one of the things that none of these people will talk about.
ARDS being caused by pure oxygen and that happening only in hospitals is something that these people won't talk about.
And antibiotics, you know,
not being used because these symptoms were all being blamed on a virus that we saw that with the discussion with Dan Cohen, where he showed us that the assumption was is that the majority of deaths would be COVID.
That means that the majority of people that got pneumonia would have a pneumonia that it would not be appropriate to give antibiotics as treatment for.
and people like Griffin and Vincent Racaniello, whatever the hell his name is, they were on Twiv saying all of this.
Antibiotics are not appropriate for a viral syndrome.
This is murder and lies.
That's all it is.
Especially because, again, in case you're not aware, PCR is not a useful diagnostic tool for very specific reasons that I've explained.
Pure oxygen causes ARDS for very specific reasons with very specific evidence we've already shown.
Antibiotics for pneumonia, I mean, no doctor should need explanation for that.
That's the reason why this graph under here even exists, right?
I wouldn't be able to point my arrow at a consistent number of deaths due to pneumonia for decades and it suddenly, you lose control of it for exactly two years and then you get control of it again.
That's absolutely absurd.
The only way to explain that is murder.
And so PCR is now a widely used medical diagnostic standard and it never had FDA approval.
In fact, all of these should be regulated as independent medical devices, but they're not.
They're just allowed to work.
And now our FDA director and our HHS secretary seem to be wholly prepared to ignore this and to allow this to go on.
This is accomplished by these people that I said, you know, trapped the populist right movement, their resistance to the COVID narrative.
They trapped us and got this to happen.
Kevin McKernan, you know, Robert Malone, Jessica Rose, none of them are pointing out that this is a medical diagnostic standard and it's never needed FDA approval.
It's just gone in under emergency use and it's left in.
This is a disaster because this is a medical remnant stream that can provide all the genetic data for all the people that are participating in it in perpetuity.
So if we hand this down to our children without realizing that this is a bait and switch, that these are medical devices, that PCR is not something that we should just default as people are doing it right.
It could be so easily misused, especially in light of the fact that I'm making the argument that the background is so loud that PCR could almost never be used as a medical diagnostic standard.
None of these devices meet the standard that is used on an academic bench that all of these university biologists assume is being replicated in this medical standard.
It's not.
And none of these people are going to explain it to you.
None of the experts that are behind Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
These happy little accidents are going to explain it to him either.
And that's because they are responsible for creating an illusion of consensus about what's important.
And PCR as a diagnostic and a remnant stream is not important to them.
It's completely irrelevant.
It doesn't matter at all to their story about how the COVID shots are bad.
And these are a team of performers with elaborate costumes and effects.
And those are basically just social media effects, social media, you know, actors and anonymous accounts that all make it seem like they're listening to us and that we're arguing with them.
But in reality, this is just a closed circuit TV program.
We're in a Truman show and these people are all working together and eating together and traveling around together and laughing about it.
I know because they all know me.
I've tried to explain to all of them the consequences of these numbers.
Even Denny Rancor is a meddler because although he has said there's no epidemiological evidence of spread, he's never required any of his comrades to say it.
He doesn't even care.
As long as they mention that people are getting killed from the shot, I'm happy.
And so there's no epidemiological evidence of spread, but there is an anticipated rise in expected deaths that was used, sculpted, with murder and sophisticated lies to create the myth of an RNA pandemic.
In a national security state or a global health, you know, whatever idea, these people would do that.
They would take an expected rise in all-cause mortality and they would sculpt it with a few peaks in New York and elsewhere using murder
and sophisticated lies in order to create a myth of an RNA pandemic that could enslave our grandchildren.
Of course they would do it.
And if you look hard enough, you will see that this has been a plan for a long time.
It may have morphed as it grew or as technology became available or not available, or this technology became cheaper than that technology.
But the essence of where we are right now, the direction that this cruise ship is going in was established already three decades ago, because they knew this anticipated rise and expected deaths was coming already three decades ago.
I'm rolling on this wire and it's bothering me.
Sorry, I'm getting distracted by that.
And so that's why I show the population pyramid of America to illustrate that this bump has been coming since the 90s.
Since I graduated from high school, they have known that, you know, there's gonna be a lot of people retiring here, a lot of people in the hospital if we're not careful, holy shit.
They're gonna stop paying taxes and they're gonna start pulling money out of the system.
This is the whole reason why the American government is behaving the way that they're behaving right now.
They have always known that the budget was going to break.
They have always known that they were going to run out of shit.
They have always known that the tax base was going to shrink and not be able to make up for the costs that were projected as these people age out.
So it's very easy to sit at a table with a bunch of these people and explain that we're going to have to manage this problem, and it's coming now for a long time.
So we're going to have to put people in place now so that when this problem arrives, we will have all the mouthpieces covered, and we can explain to them that this is, you know, an all-cause mortality that we didn't expect, we didn't know, it's this novel virus.
And at the same time, what will they be able to do?
They will access the intramuscular injection of old people and they will be able to augment their life.
And now you don't need to think about it as the shots killing everybody that takes it.
What you need to think about it is more like a knob, that if you turn the knob a little bit farther, a few more people will die.
If you turn the knob a little bit farther, a few more people will die.
And so they have taken and turned the knobs of the old population in America in such a way so that more of them will die.
And probably with much mathematic precision.
A combination of withholding antibiotics, a combination of supplementary oxygen is good for you, a combination of, oh, you need a shingles vaccine or you need a pneumonia vaccine.
And if only 1% of those people
their life is shortened by five years that will save the system billions if not trillions of dollars.
And so, like this guy is pretending to interact with this train and stop and help start it again, these meddlers on social media stood in front of us and pretended
that there was a train coming that needed them to help stop and start it.
And that train was an anticipated rise in all-cause mortality.
That train was an opioid epidemic run wild.
That train was a lockdown that killed people with suffering and whatever.
And it was the distortion of the total.
that these people did in concert, just like this guy's doing, but now think of him having 10 or 12 friends that were all wearing what looked like mechanical suits, and that shone sparks and made extra noises, and it would be even more believable, because that's what they're able to do on social media.
And that's why I think it's really important I uploaded this McKinsey Global Institute paper to my website, GigaOMBiological.com, under the heading Stuff.
You should take it down and look at it.
They have known this is coming for a long time.
The consequences are pretty grave.
Our kids are going to inherit a world where the demographics have a gigantic impact on who their neighbors are and aren't, and who their fellow voting citizens are and aren't, who they can marry and not marry.
This is all going to go absolutely crazy in the West, and they've known it for a while.
They've known it for a while.
Here's a Fortune Magazine article from before the pandemic where they're showing you that we are not growing anymore.
And it is with the acquiescence to social media that these people were able to pull this off, able to convince us that this biological phenomenon that they knew was coming was a novel virus killing people.
That's why it was only hurting old people.
And so this Lollapalooza of liars is gonna continue.
I just thought I'd take a look at it.
Former USAID employees who've been fired or placed on leave by the Trump administration began making their final visits to the agency's headquarters today to pack up their belongings.
Carrying bags of personal items, workers were surrounded by supporters cheering them on.
They include Samantha Power, who served as the agency's administrator under President Biden.
The people who are walking out of this building are American heroes.
They did not come to USAID for the money.
They didn't come for the glory.
Now keep in mind that what we are being baited as Americans on the left and the right is that the left is being baited to believe that the USAID is only doing good things, only trying to spread good things, spread good ideas.
And the right, of course, is being shown examples of where they're spreading bad ideas, where they're not just feeding the poor, where they're also creating gain-of-function viruses.
And so we are, again, being given the
the script to a Scooby-Doo mystery where one side comes to one conclusion and one side comes to another conclusion and somehow or another it makes perfect sense to each other that you people are so stupid.
And so this is PBS NewsHour.
Remember, this is aimed more at your family and friends who didn't vote for Trump.
It's aimed more at the left, if you will, in America.
And so you're hearing that version where USAID is majority amazing and just really well spent money.
But we know that that's obviously not the case.
And Samantha Power is definitely not the person to tell us.
You know, we rightly honor our men and women in uniform.
These are heroes who don't wear uniforms, and they are being treated in a manner that nobody should treat their worst enemy, and they're being treated that way by their own government.
With nearly all of the agency's work abroad now suspended, our Laura Barone Lopez takes a closer look at one USAID effort that's been caught in the political crossfire.
In a meeting with President Trump's cabinet this week, Elon Musk, the architect of the Trump administration's jobs cuts and contract cancellations, defended the actions his team has made over the last month.
We will make mistakes.
We won't be perfect.
But when we make a mistake, we'll fix it very quickly.
Sorry.
So, for example, with USAID, one of the things we accidentally canceled very briefly was Ebola prevention.
I think we all want Ebola prevention.
So we restored the Ebola prevention immediately, and there was no interruption.
But public health experts and current and fired USAID workers say Musk is wrong.
USAID's Ebola prevention efforts have been frozen since the agency was largely dismantled.
For more, I'm joined by Dr. Craig Spencer.
He's professor at Brown University School of Public Health and survived Ebola after treating patients in Guinea with Doctors Without Borders in 2014.
So he survived Ebola in 2014.
He's on the PBS NewsHour in 2025 to tell us the truth of USAID's Ebola programs and whether or not Elon Musk was able to restore them or not restore them or whether he canceled them or not canceled them.
I'm just going to play for a couple seconds.
Dr. Spencer, you heard Elon Musk's claim that Ebola prevention is fixed and that there were no disruptions caused, but the USAID workers I talked to say that's not true.
Where does Ebola prevention currently stand?
Well, let's be clear.
What Elon is claiming, that Ebola prevention was turned off but has been turned back on again, is just flatly untrue.
This is a theme that we've seen emerge, whether it's firing hundreds of nuclear weapons safety experts or bird flu experts at the USDA, scrambling to try to hire them back and saying that we fixed the problem.
The reality is that there is no budget line for, quote, Ebola prevention, either at the USAID or anywhere across the government.
The work that goes into preventing Ebola is the same work that goes into preventing other infectious diseases from breaking out in places around the country,
and around.
Now, why am I letting this play?
Well, this is 2025.
I want to demonstrate what the hamster wheel is.
So every couple of years, these, and it could be months, it depends on which expert it is.
Some experts show up on the hamster wheel, you know, every rotation.
Other experts are there only sometimes, you know, maybe every couple of years.
And this guy has been in the rotation of PBS NewsHour quite often, but I just want to show you where he was in the rotation,
as an Ebola specialist in what I consider to be most significant.
Let's go back to April of 2020.
The world.
They aren't here to say goodbye when they ask to withdraw treatment.
We FaceTime so they can say goodbye.
We stop the drips.
We turn off the ventilator and wait.
Your hands upon theirs.
You think of their family at home sobbing.
Someone starts saying a prayer.
You can't help but cry.
This isn't what we do.
Wake up at 6.30 a.m.
Priority is making a big pot of coffee for the whole day.
Somebody made a cartoon about him at the beginning of the pandemic.
where he explains what happens in the New York City hospitals.
Can you imagine?
It's by the hospital is closed, the Starbucks too, it's all closed.
On the walk, it feels like Sunday.
No one is out, might be the freezing rain or it's early.
Regardless, that's good.
Walk in for your 8 a.m.
shift, immediately struck by how the calm of the early morning city is transformed.
The bright fluorescent lights of the ER reflect off everyone's protective goggles.
There is a cacophony of coughing.
You stop, mask up, walk in.
You take sign up from the previous team, but nearly every patient is the same, young and old.
Okay, so the point again is to see that this is a hamster wheel.
The same people are performing the act.
The same people are performing the act and maintaining the illusion.
because either they're all read in, or they have already passed the, I don't know, puppet test, or the they're not bright enough to figure it out test, or that he has the right mentor and has accepted it.
I don't know.
But his appointment at Brown University wasn't here.
He wasn't at Brown University when this was made.
Keep that in mind.
This is from 2020, think about that.
So we'll go back to 2025 now.
And on a number of policy issues, he showed himself to be a true leader, willing to go up and challenge the status quo.
In this video, I'm gonna spend some time walking through some of the criticism I think he's gonna get in the confirmation hearing and why that criticism, I think, is broadly misplaced.
I already see a number of news articles criticizing Jay and getting things wrong, in my opinion.
But I wanted to start with the endorsement that what really matters is... Oops.
Going forward, what will Jay do as NIH director?
I imagine that Jay is going to prioritize academic freedom.
He's going to reward institutions that actually encourage faculty to pursue thought in a diverse way, free of influence of outside pressure and entities.
I think Jay is gonna do a lot of reforming of the NIH, limiting how many years you can hold your claw into these leadership positions.
I think Jay's probably gonna reform study sections.
He's gonna actually ask,
I think it's funny that with Jay, they tend, they're not playing up his, his diversity.
They could call him Dr. Jayanta, um, but they're not.
And I find that odd because I think if he had some kind of African name and he was a black guy, they would be calling him by his full name, not Jay.
But since he's an Indian and they want him to be a good old wholesome American, they're calling him Jay.
Um,
And they'll probably try to call him Dr. J, which is the reason why I'm encouraging you to start calling me Dr. J on the social media platforms.
You don't have to call me that when you see me.
But if you do it on social media and do it with the idea that you're not, you're not doing it for me, you're doing it to annoy them because they want to call him Dr. J and this will go really bad for them if we do it right.
Hey, we're spending all this money running these study sections trying to decide what grants we ought to give.
Is that the best way to give this money out?
As an economist, he's perhaps the best person to do this.
And number four, people criticize him because he didn't do a residency, although he's a medical doctor.
He's a professor, he's an economist, he's been close to help.
So he's an economist and he did medical school but didn't do a residency.
So he's a very interesting professor at Stanford.
This is also a professor at Stanford.
I think Marty McCarty was also at Stanford.
Marty McCarty, the guy who's gonna be the head of the FDA, if confirmed, has been on this guy's podcast many times in 2020 and 2021.
Also on ZDogg's podcast many times in 2020 and 2021.
And so you can see that between the three of them, they were so pro-vaccine, lockdown, masks, and gain of function, wackiness,
Maybe they weren't on gain of function, they were just natural viruses can do this kind of thing.
These people are not on our team.
And so it is very odd that these people who were very much not on CHD's team or Robert F. Kennedy Jr.'
's team or any of these guys' team is now being promoted by people like Jessica Hockett and Jonathan Engler of Panda.
This guy right here, who's now saying that Jay Bhattacharya is a great choice.
He also said that Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
is not crazy.
So you can see that this is a manipulation of our habits and opinions.
It's a manipulation of the questions we ask by people who are put in place to manipulate us.
And their incongruent shift in their stance on things is not
It doesn't belie a progression in understanding.
It belies a script being given to them and curated for them.
That's why none of these people have progressed in their understanding in five years.
This jackass, or unfortunately my friend, Jay Bhattacharya, who claims to have learned more from me than anyone else during the pandemic, but he has a hard time evaluating my infectious clone story.
care, and many people may have done a residency like Francis Collins, but I never saw Francis Collins rounding on the ward.
So I think that's completely misplaced criticism.
So let's get into what I think the hearing is going to be about.
It's going to be an indictment of COVID-19.
It's going to be about COVID-19 policy, Jay Bhattacharya, his role, what he got right, what he may have fallen short on.
All right, let's get started.
Number one.
Jay Bhattacharya was an independent investigator at Stanford University when the pandemic first began in the early part of 2020, late 2019, early 2020.
And he did a number of important studies on the infection fatality rate, trying to benchmark that.
One of his most famous studies, a Santa Clara County study, did in the initial preprint have a incorrect calculation of a confidence interval, which critics pounced on.
I would be willing to bet you could find a video of him or Marty McCarty or even ZDogg pouncing on it.
Anyway, my point is very simple.
This is also part of the hamster wheel.
This is part of the theater where we're led to believe that somebody like Jay Bhattacharya is an excellent choice to be NIH head.
Even though I could probably fill a whiteboard with subjects that he couldn't explain to you beyond reading the words out loud.
I don't know, I love the guy, he's really nice.
He's a real friendly dude.
I've met him quite a few times.
He's asked me not to talk about Robert Malone, and I didn't stop talking about Robert Malone.
I assume that means that when he does get confirmed as NIH director, I don't need to expect a phone call.
I'm disappointed in these people, man.
I don't know what to say because they all know.
You will not get the whole thing.
We encourage you to go somewhere else like Rumble, Rockfin, Locals.
This is also 2025.
Interview.
This is, this should go without saying.
Okay.
Welcome to 2025 on the internet.
Before we get any further, if you're going to be talking to your friends about the RFK Jr.
Op-Ed, it would be great to have some teeth, right?
Teeth are great.
And so Alison Morrow is a person who had Robert Malone and Meryl Nass and Kevin McKernan, all these people on her new podcast in 2020.
She claims to have quit her NBC job to go independent, but if you go on her YouTube channel and just look, you'll see that actually first,
she quit her job at network tv to live in an airstream and tour the united states and that didn't work out so then she said that she quit her job because she wanted to be you know independent media i guess that's the same thing that kim iverson did too i guess that's the same thing that the people on the hill did too i guess that's the same thing that all of these people did like tucker carlson did too
And so what you see here is just despicable traitorous behavior by people who either are unwitting participants in it because they're just not paying enough attention.
They're just not asking the right questions.
They're surrounded by enough of these monkeys that they don't get it.
But Bernadette Payer has been in this fight long enough to have been having a podcast
at the time when Brandy Vaughn died.
And here she is going to go on this podcast with Alison Morrow and Hans Schill for Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
Now, I don't know about Ryan Christian.
He keeps in contact with me.
I think he knows that I have a good message, but I'm not sure if any one of these people is able to really rank, you know, the important messages that they have stuck in their head to understand that, you know, maybe telling everybody that the vaccine schedule in America is criminal would be the only thing we'd really need to say.
Everything else would take care of itself.
And instead, they're gonna obfuscate this with a couple ads for concentrated butter oil because she says it's good, you know, as long as it comes from skate liver.
I don't, I don't know what to say anymore.
other than if you can't see it, I'm trying to help you see it.
They are all selling supplements is another thing that's supposed to be regulated by the FDA.
They all have sponsors that are selling supplements.
They all won't say Brandy Vaughn's name.
They all won't say that the vaccine schedule in America is criminal.
They all won't say that in 2020, they murdered people in America in order to create the illusion of a pandemic.
They just won't say it.
They will say health freedom.
They will say, you know, lab leak.
They will say liars about lab leak.
I guess they won't say liars.
They'll say cover up.
Again, it's slave speak.
And these people get together and speak slave speak really fluently.
They help you talk, and there's one amazing product that we've been taking in our family, not just for your teeth, but for general immunity.
It is the fermented cod liver oil concentrated butter oil blend at greenpasture.org.
If you go to greenpasture.org, you use promo code Allison, you get 10% off.
This is the product, fermented cod liver oil and concentrated butter oil blend.
Basically, vitamin A, vitamin D, a bunch of other stuff in these two products that are put together so that your body can get the most out of them.
Dr. Weston Price, biological dentist, turn of the century, noticing a lot of his patients are getting cavities, spent much of his life studying indigenous cultures, why they didn't have a dentist and yet didn't have cavities.
It really all came down to nutrition for him.
You see what I'm saying, right?
What are these people doing?
What children are they saving from the vaccine schedule?
What old people are they saving from the pneumonia vaccine?
What old people are they saving from the shingles shot?
What old people are they saving from the public health that would put them on supplementary oxygen if they go to the hospital with the wrong set of symptoms?
Who are they saving here with their supplement sales?
childhood consumption.
Well, let's look at the right here guys on the, uh, the insert for Merck vitamin K shot.
Oh, it's got 0.9% alcohol in it yet.
They want to inject that into little babies and there's not a big deal about it yet.
Federal bureaucracy ready to go after people for making kombucha, something that's really good for you and something that you should be drinking if you're not drinking it already.
It's
So Brandy Vaughn, welcome to the Alex Jones Show Overdrive Hour.
Thank you for having me here.
Getting into the vitamin K shot, I talked to you about that.
You said, oh wait, I've got two insert packages that show what?
What are we going to see here?
Well, I thought it was interesting that you brought that up because I was just sent this week some photos from a nurse who took photos of the actual box that the vitamin K shot comes in, as well as the different vials.
So there's two different makers.
Well, I'm sure there's more than that, but these are the two popular ones that they were giving in her hospital.
And this one says the active ingredient in it is polysorbate 80.
And that is linked to infertility, strongly linked, as well as to autoimmune issues and all sorts of things.
And that's an additive they put in coloring as well.
It is.
And it's really bad for people.
It's in a lot of other vaccines as well.
It's not just the vitamin K shot, but I have on tape my pediatrician telling me.
Now, what I find interesting about this video is that it seems to be Brandy Vaughn in 2015 just
discovering the ingredients that are in a lot of these shots.
Actively seeking and finding the, you know, getting the inserts, getting the boxes so that they can figure out what are in these things.
It's happening in 2015.
Before that nobody gave a shit.
That seems to be the actual truth.
Here she is on Infowars in 2015 explaining that she had just gotten the inserts from the two shots that are used in America.
And she's got all these, they've got all these ingredients that are claimed to be inert, but are not inert.
Injecting in newborn babies.
Now the worst part here is, is that she's also got a recording of a pediatrician explaining what's in the shot and saying it's fine.
And so what you need to see is that the anti-vax movement in America ever since 2015 has been hijacked because Brandy Vaughn started to say it right by the end of this year.
And in 2016 in April, vaxed came out and Andrew Wakefield and Pauly Tommy and Del Bigtree were on tour in the United States talking about the MMR shot, which is not given at birth.
Not the hepatitis B shot that's given at birth.
Not the circumcision of little boys at birth.
Not the sale of placentas.
Not the sale of aborted fetuses.
Children's health defense was started because the MMR vaccine injured Mary Holland's kid, apparently.
Ladies and gentlemen, we have a problem here because something very, very wrong is happening.
If we were here in 2015 on Alex Jones and Infowars, they were already planning to absorb this.
It's very safe.
The ingredients are no big deal.
It's got a little bit of alcohol in it for preservation and some castor oil and the vitamin K. And that's about it.
It only has five ingredients in it.
Alcohol, corn starch, there's no aluminum, there's no mercury.
It's really a very safe injection.
I think it's got castor oil or some sort of castor oil.
You're right.
Castor oil is one.
Yeah.
So it's all very basic ingredients that are very small, small, minute amount.
But as you can see there, that one's got polysorbate 80.
Now the other one is even worse.
Yes.
And like you mentioned, a lot of doctors are telling new mothers, oh, it's just vitamin K and saline.
It's very safe.
There's nothing dangerous in it.
And clearly, either they're not telling the truth or they're not being told the truth.
So the second picture is actually the vial of the vitamin K shot.
And as you can read on the side, it says no more than 100 micrograms per liter of aluminum.
It only has five ingredients in it.
alcohol, corn starch, there's no aluminum, there's no mercury.
It's really a very safe injection.
A little aluminum for the newborn to help them think and process information better, to help maybe with breastfeeding or something like that.
Yes.
And then on top of that, you've got the MMR that they like to shoot into them in the second day.
That's actually the Hep B vaccine and it has 250 micrograms of aluminum.
So that's interesting.
He says the MMR vaccine and the second, you know, at the first day or whatever, and he gets it wrong.
She has to correct him.
Why would he say that?
unless he was kind of told, make sure you go to MMR as soon as you can, make sure you go to MMR.
You know, like Polly pointed out in 2019, what they want you to do is argue about autism and argue about the MMR or argue about adjuvants.
What they don't want you to do is discuss the fact that kids that have never been vaccinated are so much healthier and more intelligent, it's kind of terrifying.
That's what they don't want you to know.
And so talking about MMR and talking about autism and not all the other things that can happen, or even the fact that autism itself is kind of one of these red herrings, that if you accept that there is an autism that can be described with the word autism, then you've already are fighting about their thing.
Just like if you accept that there's gain of function viruses, you're already fighting about their myth.
Vaccines are not good for anybody.
Intramuscular injection of stuff is not good for anybody.
That's the message.
That's the message that Brandy is going to get to in about six months.
She's going to be saying that in every talk that she says.
And she's going to be explaining it in the context of ingestion versus injection.
So babies, newborn babies right out of the gate are getting 350 micrograms of aluminum.
And this is a toxin, a known neurotoxin that should not be in our bodies in any amount.
It's linked to breast cancer, it's linked to Alzheimer's, it's linked to a lot of neurological issues as well as gut issues because the brain and the gut are linked through the lymphatic system.
And this just does not belong in our babies.
There's no reason that we should be shooting our babies
Can you imagine she was even already talking about the gut and brain connection in 2015, another one of these limited spectrums of debate that everybody can get stuck into in 2020 and beyond?
That there was just a specific curator of that debate named Sabine Hazan that specifically toured with this team worst case scenario, was promoted by CHD on every stage event they had?
and yet free to admit that she's involved in over 200 clinical trials testing things about the microbiome.
Ladies and gentlemen, the microbiome itself, the word, was actually invented or codified by Joshua Lederberg, one of the people that Mark Kulak has traced this history back to.
These ideas go all the way back before any of this technology came to fruition.
And that's not to say that Joshua Lederberg is a genius, that's to say that this plan is old.
And they keep the plan going irrespective of what particular technologies end up to come true and how they manifest.
They can keep telling the same story where it is our destiny to learn how the evolution of mankind can be harnessed and directed.
unless you want to cause problems down the road, which is what I firmly believe is what the purpose of all these vaccines in this many amounts over and over again, especially in young babies, is causing.
It's causing people to be lifelong patients of the pharmaceutical companies so they can help with ADHD, asthma.
Hey, we got a pill for that.
We're ready to help you.
You're really on the fight right now.
I mean, think about the idea that dyslexia
or ADHD or any of these things that we are giving medication to our kids for could actually be vaccine injury manifesting years later, even if you don't think it's connected to the shots, it could be months or years later.
And you'll, your doctor will tell you it as a developmental thing, ignoring the wellness visits as insults.
And so in a lot of ways, again, they're on the truth.
They're not sure what to do about the truth yet.
They know that Brandy's about to get to the truth.
This guy's not necessarily in on the danger that Brandy Vaughn represents to the plans coming in the future.
With this mandatory HPV vaccine, tell us what's coming down the pipe with that.
Yeah, actually the HPV vaccine, Gardasil, which is made by Merck, it's pretty much the driving force behind the mandatory vaccine laws that we're seeing.
Merck, we call it in the industry, have to pay for Vioxx vaccine.
And you know- I think it's an important history that college kids might not understand that before they went to college in 2020, in 2021, in 2022, when they were in high school or in eighth grade,
The idea of mandatory vaccines to attend school was still a developing legal space in America.
It wasn't already just, oh yeah, we always required vaccines.
So pay attention to this.
This is real American history here.
Biox, largest drug recall in the world, happened before.
And now Mark has to make it.
So this is the recoup.
Yeah, he has to recoup some of those profits.
And they priced it at $135 a dose, got the FDA to approve three doses within six months.
It has huge, high aluminum content, like we were mentioning with the vitamin K shot.
And they got it approved for boys and girls, nine to 26.
So they're looking at tens of billions of dollars with this.
It's their new blockbuster.
And that is really what's driving a lot of these mandatory vaccine laws.
And I don't know if you've seen the videos, there's videos.
Now, of course, you're probably at least keenly aware of the fact that we talk about certain pharmaceutical companies, but Merck is not one of them.
Even though Merck is a very, very old company.
Merck is responsible for the veterinary manual that everybody's been using since 1955.
Merck, Sharp and Dome or something like that, right?
These guys are a very old company connected to government contracts for all kinds of things.
Merck actually is the company that bought the vaccine that apparently for anthrax or for Ebola, sorry, that Robert Malone actually brokered.
And I think Brandy mentions it in this video that we're watching, but Merck actually controls the majority of the childhood vaccine schedule.
So it's really convenient to be on tech and Pfizer when really, really, maybe all these people work for Merck.
One that was out of, I think it was Columbia or Venezuela.
And it was the room full of girls all convulsing at the same time.
And they had just been given the shot.
The guys on video going, we don't know what's going on.
They told us to do this.
We think there's something up.
Please help us.
These people are utterly just being devastated around the world.
It's not just in the United States.
This is worldwide that this stuff, this is a bioweapon, it seems like.
Right.
Japan has taken it off of their recommended schedule.
The EU just- This is a bioweapon, it seems like.
He just said, it's a bio weapon.
I gotta go back.
Sorry.
I didn't mean to end that.
That is freaking hysterical.
Well, let's look at the, and they're standing up and saying no to that red, looking at tens of billions of dollars with this.
It's their new blockbuster.
He said, bioweapon in 2015 on the Alex Jones show videos, there's videos, uh, one that was, he already tried to make it seem like the Brandy Vaughn was saying, bioweapon, bioweapon conspiracies, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah.
Can you imagine this?
It was out of, I think it was Columbia or Venezuela.
And it was the room full of girls all convulsing at the same time.
And they had just been given the shot.
The guy's on video going, we don't know what's going on.
They told us to do this.
We think there's something up.
Please help us.
These people are utterly just being devastated around the world.
It's not just in the United States.
This is worldwide that this stuff, this is a bioweapon, it seems like.
Right.
Japan has taken it off of their recommended schedule.
The EU just in September launched an investigation into the HPV vaccine.
The reason why I make fun of that is because it is a discreditable stance that that
Puppet experts can go on TV and say this, the idea that a vaccine is a bioweapon is just absurd.
These anti-vax people will go to any means and any lengths to spread their lies.
And as simple as that, Brandy Vaughn is just an idiot because this guy mentioned bioweapons.
You can think of it as a bioweapon, but if you call it a bioweapon as you're trying to explain to your family and friends that they don't make sense,
It's going to be difficult to hold their attention on the right things.
I hope I'm explaining that right.
I'm not saying it's not a bioweapon.
I'm just saying that that ain't the term you want to use because that's slave speak.
After a great Danish documentary came out exposing how many serious reactions are being seen in
populations of girls being given this vaccine.
And there are lawsuits all around the country against Merck, against the vaccine maker for injuries and deaths related to Gardasil.
And that's one important point here in the U.S.
Vaccines are, you know, completely protected, but have complete liability protection from the federal government.
So those lawsuits that we're seeing around the world and the information that comes out in the discovery process of the judicial process, we can't do that here in the U.S.
It's all hidden.
and there's no liability, which means that vaccine makers make farm.
There you can see an activist post that is promoting Robert F. Kennedy Jr., which I find really interesting.
An article recently published by Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
titled, Children at Risk, Vaccines, Government, and Big Pharma Dirty Money, highlighted the fact that every vaccine introduced to the vaccine schedule guarantees is manufactured millions of customers, yada, yada, yada.
So here we go.
In 2015, we already are inserting this here, already tying Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
to Brandy Vaughn's message to dilute it, just in the very similar way that they'll do with Mary Holland and converting the World Mercury Project to CHD in 2018.
more profit off of vaccines than they do normal pharmaceutical drugs.
And they don't pay for any of these payouts.
It all comes from the dose that you pay for when you get the vaccine.
$2 of that goes into this fund, which is a huge slush fund, but they've paid out over $3 billion already.
So it's not safe and effective like they keep telling us.
One thing the pediatrician said was it must be really scary being a parent now because there's so much information.
And the whole time she was saying that, I was thinking, she really means it's so hard and scary being a pediatrician because there's so much information that parents are arming themselves with, and they're standing up and saying no to that regimen.
The thing is, you don't need a lot of information, right?
If you understand that the principle of intramuscular injection is stupid, just like the intramuscular injection of an adenovirus to the liver of Jesse Gelsinger was stupid,
The injection of a J&J adenovirus carrying a spike protein DNA sequence would be stupid in your grandmother.
Ladies and gentlemen, it's just the intramuscular injection of crap that's dumb.
You don't need to know a lot.
In fact, the beauty of this is that common sense can be appealed to.
And people can feel the common sense aspect of this and then say, well, are you sure there's science to edify this?
And you can say, yes, there is.
It's all of, all of medical science edifies this.
and schedule of just injecting aluminum into your body.
There's a lot of information out there and it's hard.
I think this is the hardest time to be a parent.
It really is.
It's the hardest time to be a parent because there's so much information out there.
And how do you filter through all that information to find out what's real?
Clean food, clean environment, the love of family and friends, exercise.
So much information out there, it's really hard to know the truth.
Only if someone doesn't want to give it to you.
That's a real concern and what's not.
I know you want to do what's best for her, and I know you don't want to take any unnecessary risks.
Go listen to Dr. Blalock give a two-hour speech on what aluminum does when it goes into your brain.
And all they do when they do these studies, and correct me if I'm wrong, they just test for antibodies.
They just go, oh, you got antibodies.
That means it works.
And what's going on is these adjuvants, like aluminum and mercury, are stimulating the brain and creating antibodies.
And they go, oh, well, they're... And of course, the protein that they put in there is doing nothing.
Right?
When they made the HibTiter vaccine and they took a little piece of the bacteria that they wanted to immunize kids to, and they tied it to a part of the diphtheria toxin.
That was fine.
That's cool.
That doesn't do anything.
It's just the adjuvants.
It's already bullshit here, even if he doesn't understand it, it's already bullshit.
It's not one particular component.
It's the whole concept.
There's your proof that it works.
There's your proof that it's safe and effective.
Is that right?
Is that how they do that?
Yes, and one thing that I think people aren't aware of is that in a natural environment, we would never come into contact with six to nine pathogens at one time.
So when we're injecting this with the adjuvants, which are heavy metals, which are very toxic and hard to detox from, as well as additives like formaldehyde and the monkey and the animal and human cells, DNA, polysorbate 80, MSG, which we're supposed to avoid in Chinese food, right?
and mercury, which we're supposed to avoid in fish, but it's okay to inject into the bloodstream where it goes straight to the vital organs.
What we're seeing when you inject so many vaccine doses and so many pathogens with all of these adjuvants, the body has no idea what's going on.
We're overwhelming the immune system.
And so this is where we're seeing all of these autoimmune issues, the food allergies, asthma, eczema, psoriasis, lupus, all of these types of things, because the body just starts fighting everything.
It starts attacking itself.
It attacks itself.
And it attacks things like peanut oil, peanut allergies, or because peanut oil is used as a stabilizer.
It's off the charts.
There's like five kids in my neighborhood who can't have peanut butter, and if my kids eat peanut butter sandwiches, they have to go outside.
Well that's it for our news tonight.
We're here every weeknight.
So now remember what I'm suggesting, and I think Mark Kulak basically agrees with this, other people probably agree with it as well, that the populist right in America is an illusion.
It has been an illusion created by these, I don't know if they're all Democrats, but a lot of them are, and a lot of them believe that Alec Jones is a hero.
This guy will probably eventually be on Alex Jones, even though he was once the Research and Development Director for the Human Genome Project, an apprentice of Francis Collins and of Mark Lander.
who was in place for many podcasts to blame the FDA and say that the virus might have been a little bit earlier and show how PCR works and curate the narrative all the way until being front of the Senate in January of 2024, all the way to being on Danny Jones's podcast at the end of 24 and on the McKernan, or sorry, on the Weinstein podcast explaining that there's DNA in the shots.
And that's why after he was in front of the Senate, it was Mary Holland who interviewed him and promoted him as a guy who was a whistleblower about the DNA contamination.
All of these people that work in pharmaceuticals and have worked on protein biologics know the truth.
They know that the truth is that if you use recombinant DNA technology to make RNA to inject in people, there would be no way to free it of the contaminants.
No way to free it from the bacterial endotoxins.
No way to free it from the DNA plasmid.
No way to free it from the DNA that would sort of bind with the RNA because they couldn't use anion exchange chromatography to do it.
Now the important thing to realize is that's the reason why this guy had to go on a big podcast or two and say that Charles Rixey, some clown that came to my house in January of 2022, is the guy who helped Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
write this book and not me.
Even though Rixey's not listed in the book anywhere, and I am,
He, this guy, the former Research and Development Director for the Human Genome Project is lying about who wrote that book, who consulted on that book, who was a staff scientist at CHD and called him out while I was working at CHD.
He needs to go and lie about this stuff because we are that close to this whole illusion breaking.
that the ma-ha movement will become a ha-ha movement, a joke on our grandkids if we don't wake up to the fact that we've been fooled.
Because that's why this guy is in the same camp as Robert F. Kennedy Jr., in the same camp as Robert Malone and Jessica Rose and all these other traitors to our grandkids.
That's why he is promoted by all of these front groups
that have never managed to do anything or get anything solved or achieve any goals.
And the reason why is because the U.S.
vaccine schedule is a criminal enterprise.
That's why the former research and development director of the Human Genome Project has been so prominent on these conservative podcasts, on the right, on this health freedom movement since the beginning of the pandemic, because this is true.
That's the reason why Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
is now our Health and Human Services Secretary and will not do a damn thing about it.
There is an explanation for the murder.
There is a biological explanation for the expectation for a rise in all cause mortality.
And there is a biological explanation for how they sculpted it so that they could lie conveniently about what it meant and that they could solve this mystery over five years.
And our children would be taught that this was a gain of function virus.
And if it wasn't, it could be again, when we
We, you and me, it is up to us to teach our children that intramuscular injection has always been dumb.
It's up to us to teach that to our children.
GigaOM Biological is going to soon start a non-profit under the same name, which will start to develop high school materials to teach this to our children.
And not just teach it with words, but teach it with the biology that edifies that as the
way to think about ourselves that intramuscular injection is dumb that they always knew this was transfection and that makes it criminal and that RNA cannot pandemic because whatever they're describing as viruses they are not pattern integrities the vaccine schedule is a criminal enterprise there is no safe vaccine that you can inject intramuscularly because intramuscular injection of medicine is a lie and no one will challenge me or correct me on this
And they're gonna have to ignore Mark's history and Mark's website and all of the connections that Mark's work puts out there, just like they're gonna have to ignore all the biology that this stream puts out, because that's the only way that they can get there.
You wanna win?
You gotta help them.
You gotta help us produce a calendar of these people, show what they were doing in 2020 and 2021, archive the videos, watch the videos, find the ones where they really admit it.
By having too many details, by already predicting where it was gonna go or what the answer was, and more importantly, assuming it was a lab leak, you can see that these people were put in place.
Queued up.
And our grandchildren definitely deserve the truth about what happened there.
Nate's daughters deserve the truth about what these people did on social media to prevent me from saving her father.
This is for all the marbles, ladies and gentlemen.
It's for the grandchildren of Earth.
We're supposed to teach this mythology to them and we cannot.
We can dispel it by teaching them the biology that edifies the idea that intramuscular injection is dumb.
We can teach them that these people are put in place.
We can teach them that PCR as a diagnostic is a fraud because the background is so loud it's absurd.
We can teach them that the only thing they really have is synthetic recombinant genetics, and most pharmaceutical companies have been using it for a long time to produce the protein biologics that they sell.
And so this illusion was created by an existing technology, and that existing technology allows them to make large quantities of DNA, which is the best
PCR positive there can be.
And so with a very simple planting of a synthetic recombinant, pure, pure signal, pure quantity only producible by commercial means with an agent in Wuhan, this whole illusion could have started.
And then all they need is these people on the social media to make sure that no one ever understood it was transfection.
And therefore no one would understand it as a crime.
And in the meantime, in order to get away with it, they just roll out a bunch of placebos and make everybody believe that a manufacturing quota of astronomical proportions with kilograms of RNA needed was met because it was an emergency and people got together and worked on it.
If you want to dispel this illusion, one of the best ways to start is to learn what they mean by endemicity and understand how absurd it is.
A molecule cannot go from a mud puddle to being in the background forever.
That's impossible.
But with non-specific PCR tests on a very loud background, you could convince the world that this pandemic happened.
There's three ways, three words is all you need to dispel it.
RNA cannot pandemic.
Intramuscular injection is dumb.
Transfecting Hilden's was a crime and the population pyramids problem is a real one.
It's definitely a real problem.
Thank you very much for joining me in this team worst case scenario.
Don't let the past fade away and let this new world order become the mythology our kids believe in.
Make sure that this lie does not become the truth.
Please, ladies and gentlemen, make sure that this lie does not become the truth.
I don't want that.
You don't want that.
Nobody wants that.
Thank you very much for joining me.
I'll see you again soon.
I think I just ran out.
There it goes.
There we go.
Thanks very much for joining me.
Again, in about an hour, the video replay will be available at stream.gigaohm.bio and please go there and check that out.
Log in, the whole thing.
That's where we're going to be.
Eventually, the login of gigaohm.bio is going to feed into this, so you can log into one and they'll be both the same password and login.
If you want to be notified in the coming weeks of the work that's going to be coming for sure, then follow the directions here.
And again, if you're already doing it, thank you so much for supporting this work.
You're just supporting me and my family and it's, it's, it's, it's, it's really, I can't thank you enough.
And if you haven't, and you think that this work is worth supporting, please go to GigaOMBiological.com and find a way to support.
We don't need much.
And in fact, the wheels are going right now.
So if you want to join in and push along, the only thing I can tell you is that I'm going to do more with it.
So thank you very much for being here.
Thank you for sharing the work.
And I'll see you again soon.
Maybe not tomorrow, but maybe.
This might be the start of a streak.
I don't know.
It's possible.
Yes, there are some short clips there too.
You gotta look for the Gigaohm Clips channel.
And then you will find that.